{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12480\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 partition.Readme\
\

\f1\i LINKS 
\f0\i0 \
andrew x, 2009 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://theanarchistlibrary.org/library/andrew-x-give-up-activism"}}{\fldrslt https://theanarchistlibrary.org/library/andrew-x-give-up-activism}}\
ted kaczynski, 1995 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://editions-hache.com/essais/pdf/kaczynski2.pdf"}}{\fldrslt http://editions-hache.com/essais/pdf/kaczynski2.pdf}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://theanarchistlibrary.org/library/j-kellstadt-the-necessity-and-impossibility-of-anti-activism"}}{\fldrslt https://theanarchistlibrary.org/library/j-kellstadt-the-necessity-and-impossibility-of-anti-activism}}\
jinnah\'92s speech, 1947 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.columbia.edu/itc/mealac/pritchett/00islamlinks/txt_jinnah_assembly_1947.html"}}{\fldrslt http://www.columbia.edu/itc/mealac/pritchett/00islamlinks/txt_jinnah_assembly_1947.html}}\
\
FOOTNOTES \
\
page i, introduction: \
- Western Primates : \
\

\f1\i PEOPLE
\f0\i0  \
who even is andrew x? \
\
andrew x \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\'93Activists would probably resist change if it came because it would disrupt the easy certainties of their role and the nice little niche they\'92ve carved out for themselves.\'94 Andrew X\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\'93Activists have this \'91We must do something NOW!\'92 attitude that seems fuelled by guilt.\'94 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\'93The greatest self-sacrifice, the greatest success in creating a role (or even better, in devising a whole new one for people to emulate \'97 e.g. the eco-warrior) wins a reward in history \'97 the bourgeois heaven.\'94 fuck gandhi \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
What I am attempting to highlight in this work is the extent to which ridiculous assertions are embraced by Westerners in their disucssions surrounding India. I am also trying to avoid getting angry. \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 // i - put the information in one page. \
// ii - make a CSS document to make it cuter 
\f0\b0 \
\
Est-ce qu\'92on a besoin des components visuels? Aural? Or is it fine to have a primarily textual medium, with the modicum of interaction? \
\
CSS elements: i - the two options should be in little boxes which are side to side. I want two columns at least \
\
\
FORMAT: \
\
\
INTRODUCTION \
\
\
The story of partition is often told beginning in 1947, a year in which the South Asian subcontinent erupted in what Western primates have dubbed \'93sectarian violence.\'94 According to commonly accepted narratives on the subject, it was at this time that \'93Hindus and Sikhs\'94 entered into a bloody conflict with \'93Indian Muslims,\'94 despite the \'93harmonious co-existence\'94 of these populations prior to the fact. What is disguised by this narrative are the targeted efforts by the British Empire to undermine Indian self-determination, including the wilful misrepresentation of the participant groups and conclusions of partition. This project aims to highlight some of the difficulties in unpacking this history, as well as re-introduce some of the cultural nuance which as been wrung so violently from the conflict. \
\
In the course of participation, you will be asked to enter into a number of negotiations which were pertinent to residents of the subcontinent at the time of partition. This puzzle does not accept right answers, or dogs, or Indians. \
\
Click to start. \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
- what were the territorial divisions of India under British colonial rule? it\'92s just \'93India\'94 right?\
- how long were debates happening? What year did Lord Mountbaton come back? \
- \
\
\
\
\
\
page i - Suit or Dhoti? \
\
tree: \
\
suit: Muhammed Ali Jinnah, the first Governor-General of Pakistan, was known for his impeccably well-tailored three-piece suits. Jinnah\'92s choice to wear suits reflected his British training as a lawyer. \
   Jinnah\'92s decision to wear Western clothing might be puzzling, considering his overwhelmingly anti-colonialist stance. In fact, this garment highlights Jinnah\'92s competency in taking on the British on their own terms. Jinnah fought battles primarily in the courts, and refused to allow himself to be \'91othered\'92 by the colonial regime. Jinnah insisted that colonial infrastructure acknowledge his competence as the leader of an independent nation, rather than a colonial subject. In this gesture, Jinnah rejected the paternalism of the British empire and defied expectations about what it means to be Indian. \
\
dhoti: Mahatma Gandhi, an important nationalist figure in Indian history, is famous for his polemic regarding Indian hand-spun clothing and the garment known as the dhoti. Gandhi\'92s choice to wear a dhoti reflected his British training as a lawyer. \
   Gandhi\'92s decision to wear traditional clothing might be puzzling, considering his training as a British lawyer. In fact, the garment highlights Gandhi\'92s rejection of British systems of valuation. Gandhi fought battles primarily in people\'92s hearts, publicly \'91othering\'92 himself to the British in order to inspire people to reclaim their Indian identities. Gandhi insisted that colonial infrastructure acknowledge the importance of his cultural background, and the strength of Indian culture independently of the British. In this gesture, Gandhi rejected the paternalism of the British empire and established new expectations about what it means to be Indian. \
\
- on the bottom of each page, a little arrow which leads to the next page. \
\
page ii - English or Urdu? \
\
\
\
English: English became the national language of India in the wake of the British Empire. Due to the immense diversity of langauges in the Indian subcontinent, Congress decided that keeping the language of the Colonial government gave Indians of different ethnicities an equal playing field.  \
\
\
\
\
\
\
page iii - Leave or Stay? \
\
<p>Although many Western primates believe that the schism followed geographically significant ethnic divisions, this is not the case. Ethnic and geographical divisions did not account  </p>\
\
\
page iv - Some takeaways. \
\
\
\
\
\
\
FOOTNOTES \
\
The decision between wearing a suit and a dhoti might seem on a surface level to indicate obvious political alignments. However, each choice of clothing is more politically nuanced than it might initially appear. \
\
\
\
\
}